- Josh: Hey.
- Sarah: What's going on?
Where is she?
She's in the back breaking
child labor laws.
What is so urgent?
Shelly: Your grandma
might just become
an elected official.
Hi, Joshie.
- Hi.
- Hi. Come here, tushy.
- Can we talk?
- Oh, hi, baby doll.
Hey, Sarie,
did you tell Joshie
that I'm running for a seat
on the condo board?
- Hey, I need to talk to you.
- I haven't had a chance yet.
And I am putting
these monsters to work.
I'm building my campaign
around cleaning up
that horrendous duck pond.
- Mom.
- She's, uh--
You're not gonna--
You're just going to
have to spit it out.
Your task, should you
choose to accept it--
- Hey!
- ...is that you--
I need to speak to you
not in front of children.
You want to do this right here,
or do you want to--
** [theme]
I forgot. I forgot.
You forgot?
Yeah.
That I had a kid?
Mom, you have known
about Colton
- for 17 years.
- Oh, please.
I mean, other things
were going on.
Every day you kids had
some mishegoss or another.
And your father
was diddly--
doing God knows what
at that cross-dressing camp.
I was-- I was all alone.
I can't
get those years back.
You don't seem
to understand that.
I put Colton out of my mind.
I put him out of our world
to protect you, Josh.
You have no idea
how difficult it is
to be a parent, right, Sarie?
Wow. Okay. Okay.
Okay.
You think
I was so terrible?
I didn't beat you.
I kept you fed.
You had a credit card.
You know-- Wait.
Other people throw
babies in dumpsters.
They raise kids, right?
They raise kids in closets.
You guys had it pretty good.
I'm sorry. I have
to go take a shower.
Oh, now she's
going to go out.
I love you.
Ali: It ends with
an essay question.
And the prompts?
Look at them.
They are, I mean, dumb.
"Please expand upon the way
your work relates to society
in a larger
historical context."
[hawking]
Okay.
What about this?
What if you replace
the word "work"
with the word "cunt"?
Then you have
a really great essay.
You mean like
"Please expand upon the way
your cunt relates to society."
By Ali Pfefferman.
[groan]
Should I be asking Leslie
what she thinks?
I mean, yeah,
I'm sure she has a lot
of opinions about your cunt.
You know, it couldn't
hurt to ask her, right?
Or it could hurt
to ask her,
and I should just be,
like,
a serious,
independent thinker
who wants to go
to graduate school.
All right.
Run it by me.
Okay.
Okay,
so there's this thing
that I've been Googling
that I think
is super interesting,
which is called--
which are called Jew shoes.
You're wowing me.
I'm not telling you.
No, just tell me.
You are not--
No, no, no, no.
Okay, Jew shoes.
Jew shoes. It's a real thing
from back in the old days
where they used to make
Jewish women
wear these horrible shoes.
One was red,
and one was black,
and they had bells on them
so that you could
hear them coming.
That's what your essay's
going to be about?
Yes.
No?
It shouldn't be
about that?
Well, now I'm
completely embarrassed.
Well, you should be.
Well-- [scoff]--
I think you should be.
Come on.
It's a great idea.
I think you're the one
who's really embarrassed.
By what? I can't think
of one thing you could
do to embarrass me.
I think this situation here
really embarrasses you--
No. God, I just--
I think especially
when I do that. Mm!
It really
embarrasses you.
- I don't think so.
- So much, it--
[grunt] Embarrassing!
Stop it. Stop--
Ow! Ha ha ha ha!
Ow.
Raquel:
My mom is the same way.
She just does not admit shit.
It's hard because
you're looking for a parent,
and they're just not--
Oh, I'm not even
looking for a parent.
I'm just looking for
a fucking human being.
- Oh, honey.
- You know?
Like, how ridiculous
would it be
if they actually
told the truth?
- Like--
- I know.
I can't stop thinking
about
what it would be like
if they hadn't
fucked with my life.
I guess one could argue
that if they hadn't
lied to you...
that maybe you wouldn't
be in this room
trying to fold
your T-shirts across--
From-- From the most amazing
human being that I've ever met,
who is inspiring a huge
boner in me right now.
Your Honor, permission
for said boner
to approach the bench.
May-- May--
May I, Your Highness?
I think-- [laughing]
Um...
babe, uh, there's some--
something's on your back.
- Want me on my back?
- No, no, no, no.
It's just like
some spots or something,
- but it kind of--
- Where?
...mm, looks a little bit
like measles.
Maybe it's measles.
There's no measles,
but I'm just saying--
God, it's, like, everywhere.
It's probably
something that you ate
because
it looks like a rash
or, you know, people
have a reaction--
Let me call Dr. Susan
just because I don't know--
Don't touch them. I don't
want to be contagious.
All right. Okay.
Oof. Well, that was hot.
Oh, it's hot.
I'm going to get up
all over that rash.
I'm going
to get up on it.
Maura: You understand
what I'm saying?
Shea:
Yes. I do understand.
Just overlap a little bit.
Okay, so you want
to do another layer?
- Or not?
- I think we should.
I think-- Really?
Can you hand me a noodle?
I never thought I would
live to say that.
So, um, I told you
that I went to Dr. Venti--
I cannot say that doctor's
name. Ventmiglia.
And she gave me
this drug called Lupron.
- It's a T blocker.
- Uh-huh.
It's a testosterone
blocker.
Oh, like Spironolactone.
- Yes.
- So she said
that I might have
less of a sex drive.
That's one possible
side effect,
but also my body hair
might thin,
and I will soften out.
- Yes. That's exactly--
- Is that all true?
Well, yeah, and you
got to be careful.
- Why?
- Well, because
it's possible
things might not work
as well as they used to work.
Do you know what I mean?
- Yes. I understand.
- So just be careful.
I'd rather be
horny and hairy,
- quite frankly.
- Yeah.
Well, you're just saying that
because your man's
getting out.
- That's true.
- Well, I'm good with that.
I'm just focusing
on...
moi.
Good. You don't
need to be focused
on anyone but yourself
right now.
Are we layering these
the right way?
Yeah,
but you have to put--
Yes, yes.
It looks great.
Basil there and basil there.
That's good.
I have a question.
Is it okay to stay
in the turret
- when Sal's here?
- Of course it is.
Why would you even ask
something like that?
- Don't start that.
- Because I don't know.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
Maybe you and Sal
want to have more--
- We'll be fine.
- ...room to express yourself,
- if you know what I mean?
- Don't worry about it.
- It's going to be fine.
- * Bow chika wow wow *
This is where you live now.
Just don't bring up politics
- because his might--
- I have no politics.
- It's time to pick up--
- I got to see if--
Yeah, go get cunt.
...upside-down
for a couple of days.
Time to pick up those
who are incarcerated.
- Yeah. And get cunt.
- What did you just say?
Go get cunt?
Is that a phrase?
Time to get cunt, you know.
Wow.
That's sort of blunt
and yet to the point.
Yeah, but I-- I woke up
this morning. I saw this,
and I thought I should--
We should just check it out
because this is so gross.
You know,
it really looks more
like an allergic reaction
to something you ate.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Josh: Oh.
- Yeah, like hives, maybe.
- Okay.
- So I'm going to go ahead
and draw some blood
as a precautionary measure.
Oh, thank you so much.
Test for measle
antibodies
because I don't have a record
of you getting a booster shot.
I'll just need you to stay
out of public places,
you know, like airports,
shopping malls--
Fine. So if you see anything
in terms of who's in there,
do not say a word to us.
- Oh, okay.
- We do not want to know.
We want to be surprised.
- Okay.
- Don't want to know the sex.
Okay.
Oh.
Where are you, Corn Nut?
Come out, come out.
Okay.
- Everything okay?
- Did you--
I'm just going to go
get the doctor, okay?
I'll be right back, you guys.
The last time
that we were in here,
we heard the--
the swishing happens.
Right. I'll just
be right back.
We were going to record it.
How long does it take
to exit a prison?
I mean,
he has nothing to pack.
You think they'll
miss one little--
Don't ruin the
presentation for Sal.
[chatter]
It's going to cost,
like, 20 grand.
- 20 grand?
- Yeah, and I said "Fuck it.
"Let's just call the plumber
and stick a pipeline
through it."
No one makes a fool
out of my girl, huh?
- Mm.
- Shea: Hey, hey, hey.
- [Shea chuckles]
- Uh--
- Hi.
Oh, look.
- Hey, Shea.
- Hi, honey.
Oh, you're a sight
for sore eyes.
- How are you?
- Good, good.
- Good?
- Been a long time.
Honey, this is Maura.
- Oh, Maura.
- Hi. How are you?
I've heard so much
about you,
and thank you for
letting me stay here.
It means a lot to me.
Oh, you're not going
to hear me complaining
about a bevy of broads
in my house, huh?
We're so excited.
We made you a lasagna
because we know
you like it.
Yeah, uh, we--
we stopped, and we just--
we got a little chicken.
You see, he wanted
some chicken.
Been craving some
chicken and Davina
- for quite some time.
- Yeah.
Shea: I bet.
Let's go to bed.
We're going
to head upstairs.
Yeah.
Do you want some wine?
- Okay.
- The wine we will take.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Thank you, Maura.
Thank you.
Shea,
good seeing you again.
I mean, you know--
- Good night.
- Head upstairs.
- Celebrate.
- Do you want glasses?
That was abrupt.
Yeah. He's short.
I wish you didn't
have to go through that.
We'll just try again
because apparently,
like, it's actually--
the easiest time
to get pregnant
is the first six months after
you've already been pregnant.
So this is, like, now,
and then it gets to be
difficult again,
so now we should--
this is when we do it again.
I mean, not like today.
But we-- we do it again.
Yeah.
Or we could just
take this moment
to just, like, just
breathe for a second.
You know what I mean?
I feel like I haven't
had a chance
to, like, breathe
with all this shit
going on.
Well, like,
we're engaged, Josh.
We're, like, in it.
Like--
- Yeah.
- Right?
I know. I know. I know.
I just-- I'm just saying
we've-- This has been
a whirlwind, and--
- Yeah.
- ...I--
I just want
to take a moment
and just, like, think
about what we're doing
and make a plan,
and we have a chance
to do it right.
You know what I'm s--
That's all I'm saying.
I, uh, I-- I want--
I want a baby.
I know.
I don't have, like,
a lot of time.
Actually, like, I feel like
I want-- want this.
I want this. I do.
- Do you want this?
- I do.
I just need
just, like,
not right now,
not right this second.
I just-- I'm trying
to be truthful
about...
- Okay.
- ...what is going on with me,
and I think that's
what we want, right?
- Yeah.
- We want to be truthful.
Yeah.
Thank you for being honest.
- Okay. Good?
- Yes.
- Okay, good.
- Great.
All right,
I'm going to, uh...
I'm going to draw a bath
for you, okay?
Okay. Okay.
[knocking]
Hello?
Leslie: I'm up here.
Okay.
Hi.
Come on up.
Thank you so much for
agreeing to help me out.
I'm sure people are
always bothering you
with that.
Yeah.
[loud moaning]
You sure this is a good time?
Because I can come any time.
No, no. I'm just trying
to come up with these clips
to run as background
when I read some poems
up at the Anawalt
Womyn's Music Festival.
Right, yeah.
Syd and I just got
tickets to that.
We can't wait.
Oh, yeah. It's four days
of fresh air
and cowboy coffee
and a forest full of tits.
Yeah.
Rumor has it that this
might be the last year.
[moaning continues]
You have a lot of great
pieces up here.
Hey, you know what?
Why don't you go downstairs
and get some wine?
Great.
I'll be down
in just a minute.
It's right on
the kitchen counter.
It's right next
to the cat crack.
Perfect. Thank you.
Oh, Christ. I never want
to see another pussy
as long as I live.
Just kidding.
Maybe a week.
Uh, I don't know if I
could go that long.
At my age, the Rolodex
of the brain
is sometimes better
than the real deal.
Yeah, I totally get that.
You want to get
in my barrel?
What is a barrel?
It is a hot tub. My back
is fucking killing me.
Okay, a whole variety
of things here.
PB&J, Hot Pockets,
hot chocolate.
A little mini buffet.
Thank you.
Uh, so I was thinking.
I don't have to go
to this thing tonight.
No, it's fine.
- Really?
- Yeah.
All right. There will be
some important people there.
Well, then you should go.
Okay.
Well, um, you know,
you should watch, like,
some stupid TV or something,
you know? Just, like,
take your mind off yourself.
Yeah.
Thank you.
All right.
I'll see you later, okay?
[keys jingle]
Well, well, well.
Look what the cat
dragged in.
- Hi.
- You look great.
Thanks.
Hey, sorry.
Pilates ran long.
I just got to grab
a shower.
Okay. Actually,
I'm so exhausted,
I thought maybe we could
just stay in and hang out.
Would that be cool?
Oh. AKA you're horny?
Shut up.
Yeah. Well,
I'll still shower
unless
you want me dirty.
No. That's cool.
I'll Yelp some food.
All right, let's get it on.
Ohh.
Do you think I'm, like,
easy for staying in?
Not at all.
Are you kidding?
I'm so glad
we're doing this.
You think I'm, like--
like, um, like a slut?
[chuckle] No.
I don't think
you're a slut at all.
I think you're just
sexually amazing.
But, like,
what if I am a slut?
Hang on. What?
Okay. [laughing]
Okay, I'm trying to--
I'm sorry. I'm trying
to tell you something,
and I'm not doing it well.
Hey, you know what? I'm going
to stop you right here.
I know what this is.
You got herpes.
- Right?
- No.
- It's, like, no big deal.
- No, I don't.
It's, like not anything
to be ashamed of.
I don't have herpes.
I have a fantasy.
- Oh.
- I--
I'm trying to--
What's the fantasy?
Like, um, okay.
Okay, so there's this guy
from my high school.
Okay.
High school fantasy.
His name's Mr. Irons.
That's actually his name.
Okay.
Teacher or something?
Actually, his title
was disciplinarian.
Wow.
So he walks around
with this, like--
We-- Our hall passes
were wooden paddles.
- Oh.
- And, like, he'd get really--
I can see
where this is going.
...get really mad at you
if you didn't
have your hall pass.
Do you, like,
want to play him?
Yeah. Tell me what to do.
All right. Sit down.
All right.
Sit down like you're
at your desk.
And there's, like,
a glass window here.
[phone buzzes]
And--
[buzz]
You can, um,
you can see me.
And I don't have my--
I don't have my hall pass--
Uh-oh.
You're in trouble now.
...in my hand,
so, like, I'm walking
down the hall.
[high voice]
Yoo-hoo!
Young lady!
I already know
that voice was wrong.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I tried something,
but it didn't work.
Something
like less Julia Child.
[buzz]
Okay, so more like my voice?
- Sorry.
- You are blowing up.
I know, I know, I know. Sorry.
[buzz, beep]
- It's my mom.
- Okay.
- Mom.
- Hi.
What's up?
Mom. Mom, breathe.
Rela-- Are you crying?
** [techno beat]
[chatter]
Oh, shit.
Yo.
I'm going to shoot
those photos.
I should have hit you back.
When I yell "Marty,"
you pick up el telefono,
dog.
[chatter]
Joshie. What's up, baby?
Jesus. Fuck.
- How are you, man?
- I'm good.
I haven't seen you
in a minute.
- I know, I know.
- What have you been up to?
Just working on
the sneaker line, man.
- Check this out.
- You're making sneakers.
I am making sneakers.
Will we work
with the girls?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do it.
- Do it.
- Good seeing you.
- Yeah.
- There he is.
- Hey.
Bring it in, dog.
Bring it in.
Oh, I feel good.
I listened to the whole
polished DP today,
and I just love it
so much, man,
I want to give it
a prostate massage.
Okay, we need to talk.
You okay?
What happened?
What?
You're scaring me,
man.
Fussy Puss and you and me
and our own label.
[laughing]
Say yes
to your fucking dreams.
I love that idea.
Let's get fucked up.
You know
what really kills me
is when men
want to acknowledge
female superiority.
[scoff]
And it is like
"Fuck you, buddy.
You're still trying
to own the conversation."
This guy in my astronomy
class just the other day
was like "I am totally into
"and supportive of seeing
women in the sciences
in equal numbers."
It's like
"Fuck you, asshole.
"We don't need
your permission. Thanks.
Thanks so much."
Woman: Bean!
Bean!
What?
You didn't bring
the orchid food back.
Shit.
Sorry.
Who's that in
the hot tub with you?
Is that Sheila?
- No!
- Sheila?
Honey, just go to bed.
Okay. Good night.
Um...
I have a couple of questions.
So tell me about
your admissions essay.
Okay. So I have this notion--
Uh-huh.
That there is something
connected
with...
the women thing
and the Jew thing.
It's like phallus
is to crucifix
as vagina is to Holocaust.
Uh-huh.
But you know, the thing
that we really hate
in admission essays
is just a bunch of--
of boring theory,
just theory-- uh-uh.
Personal stuff?
That's always going
to be the way to go.
Okay.
There's this thing
with my family.
You know how
my parent is trans.
I sure do.
They have this weird
rift with their family
that I'm obsessed with
right now.
No one talks to anyone else.
There's just, like,
this giant chasm
of some kind of grief,
and I have just been thinking
a lot about it these days.
So maybe there is
something there.
I want to know about you
and when you came out.
How old were you?
33.
How old are you now?
Wow.
It's only been
about a month for me.
Really fucking come out
late in your family.
It's--
definitely something
that's been working
its way...
to the surface.
Did you meet my cats?
[meow]
Yeah, I saw them.
Did you?
Yes.
[meow]
Psst psst psst psst.
[door closes]
She finally fell asleep
in your bed.
She refused
to get in her own.
Well,
then why am I here?
Why am I home?
I mean, I was gone,
like, not even an hour.
What happened?
Because your daughter
made me cry.
- That's what happened.
- Mom, you--
She's a real bully.
You can't cry
when you babysit.
Okay?
You're the adult.
Well, tell that to her.
She really knows
how to push buttons.
Honestly, honey,
I don't need another
person in my life
making me feel
like a complete failure.
Okay, can we just--
can we stop?
because you-- My night
is completely ruined.
Your night?
What about my night?
Why do you even
offer to babysit
when you hate it so much?
[sigh]
Because all my friends
do it for their grandkids.
Okay. All right.
Well, that's a great reason.
I didn't tell you,
but your father left me.
I'm alone again.
[sigh]
Good night, you two.
Maura. Maura. Sit down.
Watch with us.
No.
- Oh, come on.
- Please sit.
Have a seat,
sweetheart. Yeah.
- What are you watching?
- I don't know,
but that guy is going to
get mauled by a bear.
- Sal: Mm-hmm.
- Maura: Are these actors?
Sal: No. These are
actually real people.
They get dropped
into the wilderness
with, like, a box
of crackers or some shit.
[chuckling]
Mm-mm.
[giggling]
I've missed this smell.
- Can I ask you a question?
- Hmm?
Did you always date
trans women?
Yeah, I did.
When I was younger,
I realized that I
was trans-amorous.
I kind of explored it
in secrecy, you know--
spank rags and--
and picking up girls
on Santa Monica.
Then one day I realized
I didn't have to separate
love and sex.
I'm glad that I can be
honest now about who I am.
You're great.
Have you two-- Have you--
Has Davina met your family?
Oh. No. You know,
my family's all back east.
Mm.
You like women?
Oh, yes. I love women.
- Huh.
- I've always loved women,
uh, my whole life.
I love every part of them
from head to--
vagina.
I love vaginas.
There's no shame in that.
No.
* I just kept hoping *
*The way would become clear *
[purring]
[meow]
* I spent all this time *
* Trying to... *
Ahh.
I'm going to bed.
Oh.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
[purring]
I'm sorry. I'm wide awake.
Yeah, well, just grab a book.
Have a nice read.
And if you get cold,
there are more blankets
down the hall.
[meow]
I bet those cats
will keep you warm.
* I spent all this time *
[grunt]
* Trying to figure out why *
Good night.
* Nobody on my side *
[Sal, Davina chatter]
Davina:
I missed you.
- I missed your eyes.
- Really?
- I missed your face.
- Yeah?
I missed your ears.
*So please
don't take this *
*Feeling *
[thump]
Fucking shit.
I'm sorry, babe.
*Please don't
take my feeling *
*I have found at last *
* Hey, if I wanted to *
*I'd be *
* All right *
*Now if I wanted to *
*I'd be *
* All right *
* Mm *
[fingers snapping in rhythm]